a long time ago some dumb moron really wanted to play half life one, but just couldn't bring themselves to do it.
so they started a livestream to play it during
and three years later things are going pretty ok, i guess

but the world has changed and so has the internet and so have i because i'm going to bed
hi, i'm ralcore, and this stream is going on indefinite hiatus.

<TITLE CARD>

alright i should probably stop fucking around.
you probably know that for the past 3 and a half years i've been streaming on twitch pretty regularly
starting in june 2017 and leading up until now i've streamed at least 3 times a week, accrueing a reasonable following in the process
i kinda just streamed... whatever i wanted to?? and somehow grew anyway
and over time i got larger and larger with an active community coming to pretty much every livestream and it was great

unfortunately, it's now 2021
and shit sucks

a flood of changes and extra responsibilities makes streaming a lot more difficult than it once was
and i think it's about time to retire the project.

there's a lot of factors that have gone into this.
more coursework and things to do around the house = less time to myself
similar thing happened in 2019, had to cut down on stream hours
can't cut down again

on top of this, community activity is pretty down right now.
a lot of community members that used to be heavily active aren't so active anymore,
especially comparative to the insane bullshit that used to happen in 2019
and it feels to me like things are simmering down to a point where i can happily say
"yeah, that feels like the right place to end."

finally, my overall interest in livestreaming has dwindled.
i originally got into this because it felt like the second coming of the old-school lets play
where people could form small communities by playing whatever dumb shit they wanted
and having fun whilst doing it.
and that certainly happened to me, i mean people watched like 20 streams of okami
that was fucked
but nowadays, that's way less likely to happen
people are more aware of the medium, are more likely to follow the largest creators
which is kinda what i expect to happen over time, but that doesn't stop me from feeling like
livestreaming is less rewarding than it once was.

i seriously appreciate all of the time invested over the years from everyone in the community.
it means a shit load to me that people would rather sit down and watch my dumb ass play games
than do other things with their time.
i started creating things online back in 2009 at 8 years old and the fact that this lasted as long
as it did with a community as active as it managed is kinda a childhood dream come to reality.
from newer viewers joining me from mario maker streams
to the older viewers who joined me from minecraft streams and raids
to even older who still watched me through the worst of the worst games that i myself picked out to play.
thanks. it means a lot.

that being said, i'm not disappearing from the internet or anything
after all, i'm not planning on going anywhere
i'm just not going to be streaming much anymore.

i might still return to streaming some day. there's a couple loose ends that may or may not end up materialising,
and if those come to be, i might set up one-time streams to just chill in.
i'm still happy to run livestreams, i just don't want to be a "livestreamer" anymore.
overall though, i'm probably heading back to youtube for the foreseeable future.
i have some neat ideas and things planned and i'd like to be able to dedicate more time to them.
besides, the creation of a video is way more flexible than the creation of a stream, at least time-wise.

i'll always be posting on my twitter, and i might make a tumblr at some point
(given that i keep talking about wanting one so much)
so you should go follow me there if you want to be able to keep up with me in general in the future.
i'll have a website up at some point soon-ish that should contain most of what i'm working on at any
given time too.

i'm not sure what i'll be doing with the discord, but for at least the time being i'll be keeping it open.
and i'll probably be working on some other dumb ideas in the background not related to video content,
just to keep myself occupied.

oh, and i'm not actually on hiatus until the end of next week.
i do apologise for the kinda short notice. i would push it back another week but i have coursework
that i really need the extra time to be able to work on.
i was planning on taking a month-long break anyway around this time to work on that, but with the state
of how things are, i don't think it'd make sense to take a break just to go on hiatus afterwards
anyway.

and in terms of preservation, the discord would never be deleted
it'd get archived and kept open for viewing
and most of my recent vods within the last few months are still up and available on ralchives, the
vod channel that i literally never mention because i'm so inconsistent at running it.

i seriously thank you all again for the last three years of fucking around
my life would absolutely not be the same without it.
thanks. and i'll see you in the next few streams.

pce
ralc